TBS Custom URL (#2792)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/custom-url-domain/main/index.md

## Overview

> You can customize your Okta organization by replacing the Okta domain name with your own domain name. This allows you to create a seamless branded experience for your users so that all URLs look like your app.

Reviewer: "This" allows you to...
We try to not just say "This". How about: "Your customized domain name allows you to..."

* Okta currently only supports 2048-bit keys for the private key that you upload. However, your certificate chain can use keys of any size.

> * If your org has configured any SAML or WS-Fed integrated apps, review the set-up instructions for [SAML SSO](/docs/guides/build-sso-integration/saml2/overview/) or [WS-Fed SSO](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_Apps_Configuring_WS_Federation). If you want your customers to see the new custom domain rather than the Okta org domain, update those SAML or WS-Fed Service Provider integrations to use the new custom URL in the metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If your org has configured any SAML or WS-Fed integrated apps, review the setup instructions for [SAML SSO](/docs/guides/build-sso-integration/saml2/overview/) or [WS-Fed SSO](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_Apps_Configuring_WS_Federation). If you want your customers to see the new custom domain rather than the Okta org domain, update those SAML or WS-Fed Service Provider integrations to use the new custom URL in the metadata.
```

1. Click **Edit** on the Custom Authorization Server that you selected.
1. From the **Issuer** drop-down box, select the custom URL and click **Save**.

> Additionally, you might want to change the issuer for your OpenID Connect apps that are using the Org authorization server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you may want to change the issuer for your OpenID Connect apps that are using the org authorization server.
```
